README.md, before:

			Warren J. Jasper
			wjasper@tx.ncsu.edu
			February 2, 2016

This file will hopefully guide you on using the mcc-libusb package that will
interface to the Measurement Computing data acquisition devices.  This package uses
libusb-1.0 (not libusb-0.1 which is not backward compatible).  This is a complete rewrite of
the drivers found in mcc-libid which uses the legacy libusb/libhid API.  This package
also uses HIDAPI to interface to the HID devices.

There are major differences between the mcc-libhid and the newer mcc-libusb library:
1. The mcc-libusb now uses the Lesser GPL License.
2. Linux specific types such as __u8 have been replaced with C99 standard uintN_t type.
3. libhid/libusb-0.1 as been replaced with libusb-1.0
4. The ability for callbacks and asynchronous IO has been added.
5. The library supports multiple devices of the same type.
6. The library interface to hid devices with HIDAPI instead of libhid

Special Notes on compiling the libusb version.

1. You must have installed the following packages
      libusb-1.0
      libusb-1.0-devel  or libusbx-devel-1.0 (Fedora) 
      hidapi and related packages (See their README)

   For example, on Fedora Core 8, they would be
      libusbx
      libusbx-devel

   An easy way to get this is:

    yum install libusbx libusbx-devel                           (Older versions of Fedora)
    dnf install libusbx libusbx-devel                           (For Fedora 22 and later)
    apt-get install libudev-dev libusb-1.0-0-dev libfox-1.6-dev (Ubuntu)

  Then you need to get hidapi from http://www.signal11.us/oss/hidapi/
  The easiest way to get this if you have git is:
  
      git clone git://github.com/signal11/hidapi.git
   
   and following the directions to install hidapi for your system (Linux/Windows/Mac)
    For Unbuntu:

    sudo apt-get install libudev-dev libusb-1.0-0-dev libfox-1.6-dev
    sudo apt-get install autotools-dev autoconf automake libtool
    ./bootstrap
    ./configure
    make
    sudo make install


  For Fedora 22 and later, the following may work:
      dnf install hidapi hidapi-devel


3. Get the file 61-mcc.rules (or 60-mcc.rules for Linux 2.6) from ftp://lx10.tx.ncsu.edu/pub/Linux/drivers
   cp 61-mcc.rules /etc/udev/rules.d
   /sbin/udevcontrol --reload_rules 
             or
   /sbin/udevadm control --reload-rules
             or
   /sbin/udevadm control --reload
             or 
         ... (udev changes a lot so see the man page for the incantation de jour)

  Note: on the Raspberry Pi and some versions of Debian, you may need to rename 61-mcc.rules to 99-mcc.rules, otherwise
        the rules get overwritten.

4. NOW you are ready to compile the MCC libusb programs which you can get from:
   get the latest version of MCCLIBUSB from ftp://lx10.tx.ncsu.edu/pub/Linux/drivers/USB
   tar zxvf  MCCLIBUSB.1.08.tgz
   cd mcc-libusb
   make
   sudo make install
   sudo ldconfig


Note:  These drivers have been tested under Fedora Core, Ubuntu, and on the Raspberry Pi (Raspian). 
       It should work on any version of Linux.  If they don't drop me a line.

       There is also limited Python support.  Google Python MCC.  One source is:
       https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mccdaq_linux

Good luck

Warren Jasper PhD, PE
North Carolina State University
wjasper@tx.ncsu.edu

Commit message:

Add README providing original download reference

README.md, after:

## Measurement Computing Drivers for Linux

This repository was created to add features to simplify installation and usage.
It probably will not work as long as this message exists.

### Original Download Source

ftp://lx10.tx.ncsu.edu/pub/Linux/drivers/USB/

### Original Author

Warren J. Jasper
wjasper@tx.ncsu.edu
February 2, 2016

### Installation

This file will hopefully guide you on using the mcc-libusb package that will
interface to the Measurement Computing data acquisition devices.  This package uses
libusb-1.0 (not libusb-0.1 which is not backward compatible).  This is a complete rewrite of
the drivers found in mcc-libid which uses the legacy libusb/libhid API.  This package
also uses HIDAPI to interface to the HID devices.

There are major differences between the mcc-libhid and the newer mcc-libusb library:
1. The mcc-libusb now uses the Lesser GPL License.
2. Linux specific types such as __u8 have been replaced with C99 standard uintN_t type.
3. libhid/libusb-0.1 as been replaced with libusb-1.0
4. The ability for callbacks and asynchronous IO has been added.
5. The library supports multiple devices of the same type.
6. The library interface to hid devices with HIDAPI instead of libhid

Special Notes on compiling the libusb version.

1. You must have installed the following packages
      libusb-1.0
      libusb-1.0-devel  or libusbx-devel-1.0 (Fedora)
      hidapi and related packages (See their README)

   For example, on Fedora Core 8, they would be
      libusbx
      libusbx-devel

   An easy way to get this is:

    yum install libusbx libusbx-devel                           (Older versions of Fedora)
    dnf install libusbx libusbx-devel                           (For Fedora 22 and later)
    apt-get install libudev-dev libusb-1.0-0-dev libfox-1.6-dev (Ubuntu)

  Then you need to get hidapi from http://www.signal11.us/oss/hidapi/
  The easiest way to get this if you have git is:

      git clone git://github.com/signal11/hidapi.git

   and following the directions to install hidapi for your system (Linux/Windows/Mac)
    For Unbuntu:

    sudo apt-get install libudev-dev libusb-1.0-0-dev libfox-1.6-dev
    sudo apt-get install autotools-dev autoconf automake libtool
    ./bootstrap
    ./configure
    make
    sudo make install

  For Fedora 22 and later, the following may work:
      dnf install hidapi hidapi-devel

3. Get the file 61-mcc.rules (or 60-mcc.rules for Linux 2.6) from ftp://lx10.tx.ncsu.edu/pub/Linux/drivers
   cp 61-mcc.rules /etc/udev/rules.d
   /sbin/udevcontrol --reload_rules
             or
   /sbin/udevadm control --reload-rules
             or
   /sbin/udevadm control --reload
             or
         ... (udev changes a lot so see the man page for the incantation de jour)

  Note: on the Raspberry Pi and some versions of Debian, you may need to rename 61-mcc.rules to 99-mcc.rules, otherwise
        the rules get overwritten.

4. NOW you are ready to compile the MCC libusb programs which you can get from:
   get the latest version of MCCLIBUSB from ftp://lx10.tx.ncsu.edu/pub/Linux/drivers/USB
   tar zxvf  MCCLIBUSB.1.08.tgz
   cd mcc-libusb
   make
   sudo make install
   sudo ldconfig

### Notes

These drivers have been tested under Fedora Core, Ubuntu, and on the Raspberry Pi (Raspian).
It should work on any version of Linux.  If they don't drop me a line.

There is also limited Python support.  Google Python MCC.  One source is:
https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mccdaq_linux

Good luck

Warren Jasper PhD, PE
North Carolina State University
wjasper@tx.ncsu.edu
